Create shell script for wilms-06 workflow (#817)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: analyses/cell-type-wilms-tumor-06/README.md

## Clustering and label transfer from fetal references

> R Script to be rendered : `00_run_workflow.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bash script to be run : `00_run_workflow.sh`
```
